docs: Update presidio docs (#11185)
deepset-ai/haystack: docs-website/docs/pipeline-components/extractors/presidioentityextractor.mdx

extractor = PresidioEntityExtractor()
result = extractor.run(
    documents=[Document(content="Contact Alice at alice@example.com")],
)
print(result["documents"][0].meta["entities"])
# [{"entity_type": "PERSON", "start": 8, "end": 13, "score": 0.85},
#  {"entity_type": "EMAIL_ADDRESS", "start": 17, "end": 34, "score": 1.0}]
```

### In a pipeline

```python
from haystack import Document, Pipeline
from haystack.components.writers import DocumentWriter
from haystack.document_stores.in_memory import InMemoryDocumentStore
from haystack_integrations.components.extractors.presidio import PresidioEntityExtractor

document_store = InMemoryDocumentStore()

indexing_pipeline = Pipeline()
indexing_pipeline.add_component("extractor", PresidioEntityExtractor())
indexing_pipeline.add_component("writer", DocumentWriter(document_store=document_store))
indexing_pipeline.connect("extractor", "writer")

indexing_pipeline.run(
    {
        "extractor": {
            "documents": [
                Document(content="Alice Smith's email is alice@example.com"),
                Document(content="Call Bob at 212-555-9876"),
            ],
        },
    },
)

> # Documents are written with a "entities" key in their metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Documents are stored with detected PII in doc.meta["entities"]
```
